up cake is a game being developed by our
company personal neuro devices that is
cap currently capitalizing on the market
shift towards gaming outside of the
typical demographic a games that is
teenage and young adult males due to the
advent of mobile gaming and casual
gaming women have become more and more
interested in gaming in general and up
cake is sort of a shift in that
direction for the the new field of neuro
gaming that is game games controlled
with brain computer interfaces or that
is thoughts so what I have here is a
mind wave mobile headset it's produced
by a company called neuro sky and it's a
wireless Bluetooth headset and basically
what it lets me do is it lets me
communicate with a computer or a mobile
phone in this case using my brain it
converts my brain waves into electrical
signals which it sends wirelessly to my
phone and lets me play a game like this
this is up cake it's produced by by us
at personal neuro devices and this is
the first neuro game for girls so up
cake is really simple basically you
select a level the level determines how
difficult how much focus or
concentration that the player has to
give and then you play the idea is that
by increasing your concentration level
you try to lift a cupcake to the top of
a screen and you win when it hits that
and you're scored based on how rapidly
did it how sustained your concentration
was throughout neuro gaming despite
being a new field or a something that is
in the current gaming market has only
marketed itself to boys and up cake
allows us to shift that a little bit too
perhaps move these products to appeal
more to women and girls our hope is that
these simple skills learning to focus
learning to concentrate learning to
relax your mind and let it wander will
translate into a lifetime worth of value
in giving them an ability to learn more
quickly and more easily